artifactory service definition (#63)
BCDevOps/openshift-wiki: docs/Artifactory/ServiceDefinition.md

windward-maven-remote       http://maven-repository.windward.net/artifactory/libs-release
```

#### Local (Private) Repos

This feature is not yet fully implemented

### Eligibility & Prerequisites

This service is offered to BC Government development teams building cloud native applications on the Openshift Platform.

### How to Request  

Access to the remote (caching) repositories is currently available by default to anyone on the Silver or Gold Clusters. 
When a project set is provisioned, an Artifactory service account is created at the same time, with a secret in the tools namespace available to use.

**In the future:**

Users with admin access to a namespace will be able to create their own additional service accounts as they wish. 
These service accounts should be created in the tools namespace.

Users with admin or edit access can request an Artifactory Private repository for their team's use through the `devops-requests` repository on Github.

### Availability

Artifactory is deployed in a high-availability configuration within the highly-available BC Government OpenShift cluster. 
This service is available 24/7 with best effort to restart failed systems. 

> More detailed SLAs are being developed and will be added in the near future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed Service Level Objectives are being developed and will be added in the near future.
```

   - In the near future, the creator of the service account will be given the option to request the creation of a pull secret in addition to the regular secret.
- (Feature coming soon) If either of the secrets is ever deleted manually, the operator will notice this and act to change the password of the service account. Then it will recreate one or both secrets with the new password. This is an easy method for teams to change their service account passwords.

### Change Management

Any service change will be communicated via the `#devops-artifactory` RocketChat channel.

### Service Improvements

Artifactory service improvements include software upgrades for both Artifactory and its operator, feature integrations for the operator, bug fixes, etc. 
Many such operations will not result in any expected disruption for users. In these cases, the team will provide notification of upcoming changes in `#devops-artifactory`, but it may be with limited notice.
Other such operations will require turning Artifactory to "read-only" mode, which means that pulling from Artifactory will be possible, but pushes will not be.

> If such a disruption is expected, advance notice of at least a day will be given in the `#devops-artifactory` channel for the planned read-only window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If such a disruption is expected, advance notice of at least a day will be given in the `#devops-artifactory` and `#devops-alerts`channels for the planned read-only window.
```
